come on out
look at the judges smile smile with the
teeth
okay competitors front double bicep
start swelling there you go mutt Shawn
the teeth is killing it relax
competitors front lap spread
look right at the judges relaxed side
chest either side side chest either side
look at them glutes coming in baby Oh
money money baby III let it go on
purpose because sometimes they're gonna
I know my fault
that's why can you my my communication I
know I I knew exactly that's all good
let's go for a try side tricep either
side
from one side to the other come back if
you have to or in the middle and relax
okay
turn to the rear of the stage please
back double by step
look at the other one beautiful and
beautiful relax
six weeks out baby yesterday six weeks
out looking good okay
back lat spread
hold it hold it squeeze hold it and
relax face the front of the stage
abdominal showing a thigh
and relax finally most muscular of your
choice
okay you're shaking a little bit try not
to shake and stand
squeeze squeeze squeeze everything
tighten tighten tighten sit a little bit
there you go
I know it's tough that's why you gotta
practice it and relax thank you very
much to file offstage good